Update in Changing the PIN (#9641)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/virtual-smart-cards/virtual-smart-card-use-virtual-smart-cards.md

## Changing the PIN

> The PIN for virtual smart card can be changed by following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PIN for a virtual smart card can be changed by following these steps:
```

> - Log on with the old pin or password.

Reviewer 2: PIN = personal identification number (not the noun "pin")
```suggestion
- Log on with the old PIN or password.
```

> - Log on with the old pin or password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign in with the old PIN or password.
```

- Press Ctrl+Alt+Del and choose **Change a password**.

> - Click ""Sign-in Options**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select **Sign-in Options**.
```

> - Click the **Virtual smart card icon**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the virtual smart card icon.
```

> - Change the pin.

Reviewer 2: (as above)
```suggestion
- Change the PIN.
```

> - Change the pin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter and confirm the new PIN.
```
